## README Generator Application for Module 7 Challenge


  ## Description
  This application is run in NodeJS. It utilizes inquirer to prompt the user to input Project Title, a description, table of contents, installation methods, usage, licensing, contribution info, tests, and questions sections of their README to generate a professional README without the hassle of tyring to work in Markdown. 

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)


  ## Installation
  Clone this repo to your computer using the SSH key. Then, open an integrated terminal in powershell. Run npm install and then node index.js to run the application. The terminal will prompt the user with each question from there. 


  ## Usage
  Here is a link to a walkthrough on how to use the application once the repo has been cloned to the user's machine: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Upo-wEoa8TFNvrCYmtwHuRhqHYz-K47R/view


  ## License
  This project has no license.
    

  ## Contributing
  Source code was downloaded from DU Coding Bootcamp in gitlab. A "Develop" folder was shared containing source code, including all files that were a part of this project.
  Markdown License Badges were generated by lukas-h on github. All urls and links were created by him. The badge url's and links with more information about the licenses came from here: https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba.


  ## Tests
  No tests were run.
  

  ## Questions
  If you have any questions, you can email me: young.juliamay@gmail.com. Visit my GitHub profile at https://github.com/jmayoung.
